What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	When a repository is initialized, an invisible .git directory is created, 
	and we are informed that an empty Git repository has been created. When we 
	run a 'git status' it shows us the files in our directory as 'untracked files' 
	since there are still no commits in our repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	The working directory is simple the folder on the machine where all the current 
	files are located. The staging area is where files get placed before a commit is created 
	for the current status of the files. The staging area gives us a quick snapshot of what 
	reflects the latest changes made before we commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	We can run a 'git diff --staged' that will show us the differences between the file 
	in the staging area and the file version in the repository's last commit.
	If we made changes in the latest file, then the difference will reflect the changes 
	that we made.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	Branches would be especially helpful when trying out different features, trials/experiments, 
	without affecting the original code.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Shows me exactly at which node a new branch was created, so I can see which commits, 
	are common between two or more branches. Makes it easy for me to visualize and know what to 
	expect when I go back to previous versions.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	merging two branch allows one to consolidate the changes of two branches.
	For example, one might branch of in a project to work on a new feature, 
	and when the feature is ready, he/she might want to add the feature to the main project 
	that was prgressing on its own. The merge helps to bring the two branches toegether so 
	now we have our latest project with the feature included. The diagram helps us understand 
	when the branching happened so we know what stage the project was on when the work on the 
	new feature began. We might need such information when we are looking at older versions 
	of the code, or older diffs to figure out what got added where.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	Git automatic merging is very useful to consolidate two long branches of work together, but the 
	issue is that we may run into conflicts where git is not able to decide which chunks of code 
	to keep/remove. This is where the manual work comes in handy. Either way, git indicates 
	that there are conflicts which one will have to resolve anyway before the merge can be committed.
